LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
setup.cfg
setup.py
docs/Makefile
docs/authenticode.rst
docs/certificates.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/fingerprinter.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/make.bat
signify/__init__.py
signify/authenticode.py
signify/certificates.py
signify/context.py
signify/exceptions.py
signify/fingerprinter.py
signify/signed_pe.py
signify/signerinfo.py
signify.egg-info/PKG-INFO
signify.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
signify.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
signify.egg-info/requires.txt
signify.egg-info/top_level.txt
signify/asn1/__init__.py
signify/asn1/oids.py
signify/asn1/pkcs7.py
signify/asn1/spc.py
signify/asn1/x509.py
signify/asn1/x509_time.py
signify/certs/README.rst
signify/certs/authenticode/AddTrust External CA Root.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Baltimore CyberTrust Root.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Certum CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Certum Trusted Network CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Comodo RSA Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/DST Root CA X3.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/DigiCert Assured ID Root CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/DigiCert Global Root CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/DigiCert Global Root G2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/DigiCert High Assurance EV Root CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Entrust Root Certification Authority G2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Entrust Root Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Equifax Secure Certificate Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/GeoTrust Global CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/GlobalSign Root CA R1.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/GlobalSign Root CA R2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/GlobalSign Root CA R3.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Go Daddy Class 2 Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Go Daddy Root Certificate Authorigy G2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Hotspot 2.0 Trust Root CA 03.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft Authenticode Root Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft ECC Product Root Certificate Authority 2018.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft ECC TS Root Certificate Authority 2018.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft Root Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2011.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft Root Certificate Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Microsoft Time Stamping Service Root.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/QuoVadis Root CA 2 G3.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/QuoVadis Root CA 2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/QuoVadis Root Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/SecureTrust CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Staat der Nederlanden EV Root CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Staat der Nederlanden Root CA G2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Staat der Nederlanden Root CA G3.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Starfield Class 2 Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Starfield Root Certificate Authority G2.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/StartCom Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Symantec Enterprise Mobile Root for Microsoft.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Thawte Primary Root CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/Thawte Timestamping CA.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/UTN-UserFirst-Object.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/VeriSign Class 3 Public Primary Certification Authority - G5.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/VeriSign Class 3 Public Primary Certification Authority.pem
signify/certs/authenticode/VeriSign Universal Root Certification Authority.cer
signify/certs/authenticode/Verisign Time Stamping Service Root.pem